chore: add iframe section page for session replay (#20034)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/browser/browser-monitoring/browser-pro-features/session-replay/iframes.mdx

---
title: "Session replay and iframes"
metaDescription: "Understand and troubleshoot common issues with session replay and iframes behavior"
freshnessValidatedDate: 2025-02-19
---

> The session replay feature, when enabled, might not allow you to view replay data for iframe content. This is due to the behavior of session replay in iframe scenarios, which depend on the origin of the iframe and the placement of the browser agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the session replay feature might not display replay data for `iframe` content. This limitation results from the session replay's behavior in iframe scenarios, which varies based on the iframe's origin and the browser agent's placement.
```
